this is the new Honda CRV it's been
redesigned for 2012 but looking at it
you might not know it the cr-v has been
one of the best-selling crossovers for
years now and Honda wisely chose to
stick to the formula rather than making
any bold moves Honda claims that the
cr-v has the lowest floor in its class
that's something that most people
wouldn't brag about but it really makes
loading and unloading heavy objects easy
as you can see the floor only comes up
to about my knee so you can imagine that
rather than having to lift objects you
can just slide them in naturally another
nice touch is the single lever needed to
fold down the rear seats you just pull
one lever at the side and the whole
thing comes down it's a really nice
touch on a car like this the CRV is 2.4
liter 4 cylinder has been carried over
for 2012 now with 185 horsepower it
doesn't sound like much but it's got
more than enough to overtake on the
highway and it doesn't feel all that
slow sitting inside the 2012 CRV will
feel very familiar to anybody who's
driven the previous car or any honda
product in the last few years all the
controls the gauges the steering wheel
the window switches they're all
basically the same one of the big
changes for the 2012 CRV is the addition
of a standard 5 inch LCD screen at the
top of the dash models equipped with a
navigation unit also have their own
dedicated screen which can be used to
control the back up camera
the back-up camera has 3 modes a
standard view a wide angle and a
downward facing camera that can display
objects that you're closing in on 4 2012
Honda's added the econ button to the CRV
and what this does is it smooths out
your throttle manipulations to improve
fuel economy if you're jumpy with the
throttle it can have a negative impact
on gas mileage so by activating the econ
mode it ensures that all the throttle
openings are very smooth and consistent
a honda engineer explained that if
you're already smooth on the gas you
won't see much of a fuel economy
improvement on the other hand if you're
quite jerky you should see your mileage
go up a little bit I may not be the
target buyer for the honda cr-v but I
have to say it was very impressed it's
quiet comfortable doesn't drive all that
bad and it's extremely practical for the
money it's still hard to beat the CRV in
this segment